add-supervisor-update-info (#1835)
balena-os/balena-supervisor: docs/API.md

> **Note:** on devices with supervisor version lower than 7.22.0, replace all `BALENA_` variables with `RESIN_`, e.g. `RESIN_SUPERVISOR_ADDRESS` instead of `BALENA_SUPERVISOR_ADDRESS`.

> Triggers an update check on the supervisor. Optionally, forces an update when updates are locked. This update check will check for service updates and will not update the supervisor itself.

Reviewer: I think the whole phrase is a bit long and not too clear. How about something like  
```suggestion
Triggers a check for the target state of configurations and app services. Optionally, if a new target is available, the `force` options forces the supervisor to ignore locks and install the update. 
```

@cywang117 what do you think?

Author: @pipex I'd like to have somewhere the explicit information that his endpoint will not trigger the supervisor to update itself.

Reviewer: Fair enough. Let's add something like `This will NOT update the supervisor service.`.

> Triggers a check for the target state of configurations and app services. Optionally, if a new target is available, the `force` options forces the supervisor to ignore locks and install the update. This will NOT update the supervisor service.

Reviewer: Last suggestion @fisehara :p 
```suggestion
Triggers a check for the target state of configurations and app services. Optionally, if a new target is available, the `force` option tells the supervisor to ignore locks and install the update. This will NOT update the supervisor service.
```
